Please help me handle the Banana Republic limitation cleanly and set things up so I can run that scraper locally instead of in Replit.
	1.	Add a clear runtime guard for Banana Republic on Replit
In run_banana_republic_scraper(config), before launching Playwright, add a simple environment check so that if the code runs on Replit it prints a clear message and exits instead of trying to launch Firefox.
For example:
import os
import sys

def run_banana_republic_scraper(config):
    # Temporary guard for Replit environment
    if os.environ.get("REPL_ID"):
        print("\n[Banana Republic Scraper]\n")
        print("Headless browser scraping for Banana Republic is not supported in this Replit environment")
        print("because the required system libraries for Playwright Firefox/Chromium are not available.")
        print("You can still run: python main.py buddhapants here.")
        print("To scrape Banana Republic, run this project locally on your own machine.")
        return
    # existing Playwright logic below this line...

This keeps the code intact but stops Replit from trying to launch a browser it cannot support.

	2.	Generate a requirements.txt for local use
Create a requirements.txt file that includes all Python dependencies needed to run the scraper locally, including Playwright. For example:
requests
beautifulsoup4
lxml
playwright
If the project already uses additional libraries (logging helpers, CSV utilities, etc.), include them too.

	3.	Add a local setup guide for Banana Republic
Create a markdown file named LOCAL_BANANA_REPUBLIC_SETUP.md in the repo. In that file, write step-by-step instructions for running the Banana Republic scraper on a local machine (macOS as the main case), including:
	•	Clone or download this project.
	•	Create and activate a virtual environment.
	•	pip install -r requirements.txt
	•	playwright install firefox  (or chromium, depending on what the code uses)
	•	Run:
		python main.py bananarepublic
	•	Where to find the bananarepublic_raw.csv output file.
Make sure the guide notes that Buddha Pants scraping works inside Replit, while Banana Republic scraping must run locally or on another server that has the necessary system libraries.

	4.	Keep Buddha Pants fully working in Replit
Confirm that: python main.py buddhapants
still works inside Replit and continues to produce buddhapants_raw.csv with the correct 19-column schema.